BZ2065025: AWS Instance - fix references to current type (M6i) (#43558)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/installation-aws-limits.adoc

different instance type, review your account limits to ensure that your cluster
can deploy the machines that you need.

> In most regions, the worker machines uses an `m6i.large` instances
> and the bootstrap and control plane machines uses `m6i.xlarge` instances. In some regions, including

Author: ```suggestion
In most regions, the worker machines use an `m6i.large` instance
and the bootstrap and control plane machines use `m6i.xlarge` instances. In some regions, including
```
